Notes for pipeline run and task failures in side panel and PLR details page (#29687)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-constructing-pipelines-using-pipeline-builder.adoc

... Add an output resource. In the *Name* field, enter `Img`, and then from the *Resource Type* drop-down list, select *Image*.
.. Optional: The *Parameters* for a task are prepopulated based on the specifications of the task. If required, use the *Add Parameters* link to add additional parameters.
+

> .. A *Missing Resources* warning is displayed on a task if the resources for the task are not specified. Click the *s2i-nodejs* task to see the side panel with details for the task.

Reviewer: It might also be useful to determine if the screenshot is still relevant. I am not sure how it fits in context to this step from first review.

> .. A *Missing Resources* warning is displayed on a task if the resources for the task are not specified. Click the *s2i-nodejs* task to see the side panel with details for the task.

Author: @pneedle-rh Clarified with SME. Changing the sentence to: A *Missing Resources* warning is displayed on a task if the resources for the task are not specified. This example uses the openshift-client Task. Click the corresponding task to see the side panel with details for the task.

> .. A *Missing Resources* warning is displayed on a task if the resources for the task are not specified. Click the *s2i-nodejs* task to see the side panel with details for the task.

Reviewer: Thank you. Your update makes this easier for the reader to correlate to the screenshot.

> .. A *Missing Resources* warning is displayed on a task if the resources for the task are not specified. This example uses the *openshift-client* Task. Click the corresponding task to see the side panel with details for the task.

Reviewer: Should "**openshift-client** Task" be "**openshift-client** task" in lowercase?

Author: @pneedle-rh I rechecked with SME, it is the the *s2i-nodejs* task that we need to mention here. So retaining the original text as is. Step 2.f.iv. of the procedure does talk about the *openshift-client* task. So we are good.

... In the *Output Resources* -> *Image* section, click the *Select Resources* list, and select *Img*.
... If required, in the *Parameters* section, add more parameters to the default ones, by using the `$(params.<param-name>)` syntax.
... Similarly, add an input resource for the *openshift-client* task.

> . Click *Create* to create and view the pipeline in the *Pipeline Details* page, and then click the *Action* button to start the pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Create* to create and view the pipeline in the *Pipeline Details* page, and then click the *Actions* dropdown to start the pipeline.
```

Author: Done.

> . Click *Create* to create and view the pipeline in the *Pipeline Details* page, and then click the *Action* button to start the pipeline.

Reviewer 3: Adding to what Karthik suggested
```suggestion
. Click *Create* to create and view the pipeline in the *Pipeline Details* page, and then click on the *Action* button to start the pipeline.
```

Author: Done. @sanketpathak I have changed pipeline to Pipeline. It is Actions drop-down. I have applied Karthik's comments. We do not say click on, so ignoring that comment. Thanks!

... In the *Output Resources* -> *Image* section, click the *Select Resources* list, and select *Img*.
... If required, in the *Parameters* section, add more parameters to the default ones, by using the `$(params.<param-name>)` syntax.
... Similarly, add an input resource for the *openshift-client* task.
. Click *Create* to create and view the pipeline in the *Pipeline Details* page.

> . Click the *Actions* drop-down, and then click *Start* to start the Pipeline.

Author: Done. 

Yes, totally agree. I have noticed too. I did have a discussion about this with the Pipelines SMEs and will speak to Preeti and the concerned Pipelines author to make it consistent throughout the Pipelines assembly and all its modules. For now I am not changing anything across the content as it is out of this PR scope. Thanks for the suggestion :)

> . Click the *Actions* drop-down, and then click *Start* to start the Pipeline.

Reviewer: Ok, thank you for clarifying this.
